What is Spring?
Well, the Spring Framework started out as just an inversion of control container.
This technique is often referred to as dependency injection.
It was conceived to reduce or replace some of the complex
configuration of the earlier Java Enterprise Edition.
Spring was later built around using Java without EJBs,
so its original concept was how to work better with EJBs,
and then they realized they just didn't need those for a lot of situations.
So it kind of transitioned into, okay,
how can I do the same development without using Enterprise JavaBeans?
This course is designed to show you how to use Spring,
and since Spring is a dependency injection container,
we will also discuss why.
Dependency injection is very simply removing hard-coded
wiring in your app and using a framework to inject dependency resources where they are needed.